Good morning everyone. Today's Monday,
March the 23rd. My name is Anne Marie
Band and this is
the Money Ball Morning Report. Charts by
TrendSpider and Gamma flows by Menter Q.
We're starting with the E-mini S&P on a
daily chart. We just had a bit of news
um
after all of the harsh rhetoric back and
forth.
Now uh Trump Social
um
Sorry, Truth Social. I don't that was a
Freudian slip. I did not even mean to do
that.
Uh
said, "Hey, we had good talks over the
weekend. We're going to suspend all the
strikes and
here we go.
So, now the cleanup starts and of course
this is just going to be a long grinding
motion, which is why I call it Kabuki
theater. If you're not familiar with
what Kabuki theater is,
it is Japanese theater where everyone
wears masks.
So, you don't really know who's what or
who's saying what. And this is standard
Kabuki theater. As I didn't use the term
Kabuki last night, but you know, for
those of you that have been following me
for years,
you know what I mean by Kabuki theater.
All right. So, in this Kabuki theater,
we now have to see, all right, what did
the traders do?
Now, remember last night I said,
"Listen,
what we're looking for is some sort of
reaction formation, but we want to sell
every bounce in oil. We got ourselves a
double top and that has moved nicely,
but it has moved down and is now sitting
right around support level one and it
should bounce.
Now,
what's actually going on? Let's go
through some levels and then think about
things from a daily perspective. We've
broken the 200 simple moving average and
we are sitting here at the put wall,
which is 6500, rapidly unwinding all of
the motion from the pre-market traders
have to leave.
So, the question is, what's the intent?
If you're a seller, you want it to stay
outside of all of this inventory.
You want to win the fight by staying
below the 6686.
We moved right into that 200, missed it
by about maybe 10 points or so. That
number of 6775
that's going to be a big deal, okay?
Now, let's jump right into the 30-minute
chart and see what we have. Massive
move, folks. That is
what? Holy smokes.
almost
almost 200 ES points
in one swoop. You want to talk about
shorts getting destroyed? Listen, the
narrative
is going to throw you off balance if you
are watching the media and not thinking
to yourself, "Wait a second, what
strings are being pulled?"
Now, I hate for us to think about this
at next level. So, the big thing you
want to think about is
here's the put wall.
We got defended. If you were short and
you didn't have a tight stop, you got
yourself smashed.
If you were long, buying off the bounce,
you can go to the beach, okay? This is
very likely the range of the day and
it's a news candle. So, let's look at
it. Range of the day, we moved through
one, two, three pivot points.
We came right up into the supply zone,
sitting at the fourth pivot point of
March 18th
and then we've retraced. We should be
sideways or inside of this candle all
day simply because the traders are now
going to figure out, "Wait a second,
is this really true?" Because, you know,
a lot of folks are now doubting
what's happening over the streams
because it's just one headline after
another doing all kinds of things. So,
doubt's rolling in
and people are saying, "Hey, listen,
could be traders caught offsides. This
is a downward flow.
Let's let's see what happens." So,
they're going to try and work through
the the balance zones, okay? So, we're
sitting in a balance zone that is I'm
going to move this
to begin on the 18th of March. Here is
the value area that we're looking at.
6700 value area high.
value area low. Now,
let's take a look at what the opening
candlestick delivered for us. Now, why
am I going to use the opening
candlestick? Because the 4:00 a.m.
candlestick is sitting right inside
of the range of the 30-minute
candlestick and so that gives us
that event to follow. Notice,
shock, it comes right up to the top of
this range. What we want to do
just for giggles is of course reverse
it.
I don't think we're headed down. I think
we're going to stay in this candle range
and so the day's movement has already
been triggered for us. All right. Now,
tough space simply because we are in a
news cycle event and that's very
important to manage. They want that news
cycle event to hold price action steady.
So, the big areas to watch I believe are
the pivots and so here here what we're
going to stare down. This is a central
pivot. So, as long as we stay above
6600,
buyers are going to be in great shape.
All right? Notice the opening
candlestick
was right inside of the 30-minute
candlestick of Friday and so if it
fades,
the floor should be the 6520.
If we expand further, which would be
very unusual to me,
the next line in the sand would just be
walking through these
uh
these regions of supply.
I don't think that's going to happen.
There's trust is broken on all sides.
So, what what we really have is sort of
a reflexive motion where the shorts are
saying, "Oh, crud, I got to get out of
here." All right? Momentum absolutely
off the rails, super high. And so,
remember, trend down, momentum up,
they're looking for resistance and so we
found that edge. If we double top at
6760, I think that's a great area to
position a very cheap short and if we
continue below 6700, we're in good
shape. Right now, the traders are going
to try and hold inside of the value
area.
Right? The buyers are going to try and
defend this line right around the 6630.
It puts it inside of this value area.
That's what the buyers are going to do.
The sellers are going to want to force
it down. So, this 6640 area, look out
for chop. It's going to be ugly. So,
watch the box of inventory that
accumulates
around 6611
to 6650. That's 40 points of slosh. So,
be careful.
All right.
Let's run through the Qs.
Let's start with the day.
Same sort of thing, trying to defend the
put wall.
24,000 is that put wall. We'd lost it.
Now, all the way up at the call wall.
The call wall is 24,000
800, something like that, which is below
the 200 simple moving average. As I've
mentioned many times over, seasonality
gives tech a little bit of a downward
flow. Now,
I don't quite know how to read all of
it,
but my gut is that bounces are still
going to be sell zones here. They are
not going to recapture the edge
as maybe potentially they hope. We're
just going to see a restructuring,
redrawing of the lines. All right. So,
let's go to the 30-minute. What are we
looking at?
Uh let's remove
all the annotations.
Okay? Now, inventory accumulation, let's
take a look. The inventory box is up
here.
They are inside of the inventory box,
which is from 24,400,
which is 450, right around the point of
control,
all the way up to 25,150.
They're inside the box. This is what the
buyers are hoping for in tech. And so,
they are pushing up into this zone. This
is the 200 on the 30. They're inside of
inventory, but below the call wall. So,
what do we want to look for? The press
up into the call wall that fades. This
is bullish at the offset simply because
it's above the very heavy inventory box
that keeps traders in or out of the
primary box. And so that number
is 24,374.
To me, that's round and about the floor
for the buyers.
The sellers are going to lose the battle
if we stay above 24,550.
Which happens to be
Friday's central pivot. Okay? So, that
being said, that's what they're trying
to do.
Would I take a long here? I would not.
Uh
I think, you know, we're in act two in a
five-act play
and it could very well move up, but I
would like to see a structural event
that gives me the opportunity. If you
are more bullish, I would say, "Hey, you
can walk into this inventory. We are
sitting inside of the 330 candlestick
from Thursday of last week.
We just hit it as the ceiling. That's
24,640.
Value area high, 24,720.
Value area low, 24,000.
Bounces are sells, but that is a savage
bounce, my friends. And if they get back
into this inventory event, buyers are
going to take control and send us to the
top of the box. Okay? Especially if oil
continues down. Now, the ratio of the
conversation is not similar
uh as it was from a correlation
perspective, but it's pretty stinking
close. And if oil continues to fade,
we're going to have ourselves downward
flow. So, we've been chitchatting about
oil.
Let's jump to it.
Oh, that's interesting. They've got um
new oil contracts sitting from across
the pond. Okay, let's go to daily first.
All right.
Monster move up, right? We know why.
Here we are, uh what is it? 3 weeks
later, and we've got the fade,
but still [clears throat]
inside
of the box.
So, let's let's just draw this inventory
event. Actually, you know what?
I'm going to take all of it together.
50%
at 9811.
I I've no idea why my voice gets so
crazy when um
I start talking. It's just fine for a
regular conversation. I get into this
and then all of a sudden this get It
gets throaty. Okay. So, here we are.
We are uh we hit the call wall last
night, which is about 100. Remember I
said, "Hey, 101.
That's what we want to look for as a
potential ceiling. Bounces will sell
off." That's exactly what's happened.
So, big savage fade into the zero DTE
put wall, which is 8450.
85, excuse me. And then the put wall,
which is way below at 53.
Uh that's pretty hopeful. I don't see
that happening, but
uh that's where all the value is. Right?
Value area very far below us on the
daily chart. Let's go to the 30-minute.
Value area is above us here. Now, let's
take a look at what's happened.
Here we are.
Structurally, we're sitting in
the inventory box.
Notice the breakaway of this inventory
box. It's a very big inventory box,
sloshing around between 102
and 85.
We came into 85.
Bounced immediately.
Probably going to retest 85.
It's pretty noisy. If we lose this,
let's let's rotate this box. Let's clone
it and move it down. What? Emery, what
are you doing?
Here's where it's sitting. Let's take
the box
and clone it down.
Puts us at about 70
with a midpoint at 76.
Thereabouts. All right, so we're going
to stare that down.
Let's take a peek
at what's happening here. They're trying
to hold 90.
Not not sure how that's going to go, but
it does put us inside of the majority of
inventory sitting up here above 90. So,
as long as we hold 90, buyers are in
control.
We lose 90, sellers are going to take
over and we'll stair-step down through
all of this heavy congestion.
The last significant area of
accumulation, 85, 81, 75, and then 70.
Um
let's take a look at what's happened to
trend.
Trend was up. We had a trend break.
When do we resume trend? Not until way
up here if you're looking at a 30-minute
chart. Momentum all the way down. We
know this. 90 to 89 dollars and 70 cents
is the defense zone. Above it, buyers.
Below it, sellers.
Okay?
Let's go to gold.
Let's see if we've moved to the proper
No.
Let me see where gold is. Hang on. I
have to check another contract up here
on one of my other platforms.
What?
Okay. So, notice.
You think to yourself, "Oh,
geopolitics off the table."
Gold runs right back up. So, what is the
real storyboard, folks?
This is a backdrop. The fact that gold,
which is 4403, so that's the wrong
contract. We're still here at two GC2.
Let's just go ahead and see what's going
on. All right? Here we are.
Uh this is support level one pivot. Look
at this. Call wall. Whoa, call wall
below
the put wall. Not good. These guys are
offsides. Everybody thinking this is
geopolitical risk.
And so they're expecting gold to flip
upwards, but it's not flipping upwards
because what this is is
this is currency related.
Absolutely currency related. Don't want
to go into that, but here we are on a
bounce. Right? So, intuitively, the
people are like, "Geopolitical risk
should be off the table because we've
all stopped the strikes." But then here
goes gold. Okay? That's because the
dollar's moving down.
So, this is a currency event right here.
Totally different.
Now,
um what's trend? Down. That's the 200.
Where are we on the bounce? Up. So,
trend down, momentum up. Traders looking
for resistance. What do we want to see
here? Call wall. As long as we stay
below
4500,
the sellers are still in control here.
Could the sellers
turn around and
um leave the room and put the buyers in
control? Potentially. What you want to
look for is
how well 4300 holds.
We are in range.
Okay? And also in value for this price
action event.
Value area high, 4781.
Value area low, 4226.
Okay? So,
what's the trade? Bounces are sell
zones.
However,
if we are beginning to see
the resolution events,
the dollar will begin to fade again.
Gold will begin to rise again. Okay? So,
outside of that, we still have our
currency event going on. So, we need to
watch for that. Use a trend line
that will help you with this.
As long as sellers
pile in,
all these bounces are going to be sell
zones. And with the 200 on the 30, very
far above us, we've got ourselves a
breakdown. Let's take a look at the
daily. We just kissed the 200 on the
day. Point of control, 4124
in this contract. So, a massive
morning move. Absolutely massive from
that point of control to the upside, but
still struggling against
what we're looking at is inventory.
Longer term, the buy zone
stays
as long as we can hold this 4300.
Right? This 4300 line.
Uh
Let's extend it to the left, also.
And that gives us our room to grow.
Going to be a messy day, folks. Very
newsy.
And so, newsy equals scary.
So, you want to be careful. Let's take a
look finally at spy.
Spy sitting at
uh
the 200 right now.
It's sitting at the 200. And so, we're
staring down this price action formation
that is right up at resistance. It
spiked into value area low.
That's where all the inventory is.
So, so far,
sellers winning the battle.
Let's go to 30-minute.
200 on the 30. What did price action do?
Crazy bounce
up into
and
667. Let's just say 667. Topping
formation.
So, we should
rotations, see a pullback into 650.
And then, goal is can we fill the gap
during regular trading hours?
So,
653 looks like the support zone.
I would not be surprised if this is
where we were at 9:30, but that's
probably going to be the area that we
see the buyers try to pile in once more
on this fade. Put ball way down here at
645.
Where is the call wall?
Well, that's bizarre.
I don't see the call wall. It could be
this one up here at 670.
How do we want to look at this? Um
Here is
the massive rotation candle
from 3:30 on Friday.
Biggest volume. Let's draw Fibonacci
there.
Right up to the top. Let's see if we can
get it. What do we have? What's our
highest number? 5.5?
Let's see if we can look at six
and see what six gets us.
And then,
yeah, that's that's good enough.
So,
6x
takes us to 665.82.
Rockets up there. We're going to walk
down these Fibonacci levels.
Why? Cuz that's what we do. That's what
we do. That 3:30 candlestick, very, very
important, especially in stocks. All
right.
That's it for me, folks. Remember what
you want to do with your candle
formations.
If you're interested in seeing if this
works for you,
you want to take a look at these
big candle events
and
draw the lines, right? Now,
they could be compact enough. Oh, look.
I'm shocked. I'm actually not shocked at
all. So, look at the 3:30 candle
expansion from the day before
and draw your Fibonaccis and just walk
them up relative to trend, right? So, if
you're trading something swift like
this, you want to walk it up on a
1-minute, a 3-minute, something like
that, but it's going to give you the
levels. It is. It's going to give you
the levels for the YM, for the RTY. It's
going to give you the levels for
everything. And then, when expansion
takes over, you'll be looking at
something else. And our expansion range
today
is, of course, this news candle that got
everybody offsides. This is a stop
running event, 100%,
which means people are leaving the
market as it's coming up. And that's
going to cause some
uh
sloshing about. All right, everybody.
Take care, and I'll see you on the
streams. See you for group coaching.